Nordvpn Open Sources Its Linux Vpn Client And Libraries
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/nordvpn-open-sources-its-linux-vpn-client-and-libraries/

Google Finds 18 Zero Day Vulnerabilities In Samsung Exynos Chipsets
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/google-finds-18-zero-day-vulnerabilities-in-samsung-exynos-chipsets/

Rat Developer Arrested For Infecting 10 000 Pcs With Malware
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/rat-developer-arrested-for-infecting-10-000-pcs-with-malware/

Alleged Breachforums Owner Pompompurin Arrested On Cybercrime Charges
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/alleged-breachforums-owner-pompompurin-arrested-on-cybercrime-charges/

The Week In Ransomware March 17Th 2023 Shifting To Data Extortion
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/the-week-in-ransomware-march-17th-2023-shifting-to-data-extortion/

#Vmost
#vmost

Nba Alerts Fans Of A Data Breach Exposing Personal Information
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/nba-alerts-fans-of-a-data-breach-exposing-personal-information/

Hitachi Energy Confirms Data Breach After Clop Goanywhere Attacks
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/hitachi-energy-confirms-data-breach-after-clop-goanywhere-attacks/

Microsoft Shares Script To Fix Winre Bitlocker Bypass Flaw
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/microsoft-shares-script-to-fix-winre-bitlocker-bypass-flaw/

Bianlian Ransomware Gang Shifts Focus To Pure Data Extortion
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/bianlian-ransomware-gang-shifts-focus-to-pure-data-extortion/

Fakecalls Android Malware Returns With New Ways To Hide On Phones
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/fakecalls-android-malware-returns-with-new-ways-to-hide-on-phones/

Fortinet Zero Day Attacks Linked To Suspected Chinese Hackers
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/fortinet-zero-day-attacks-linked-to-suspected-chinese-hackers/

Adobe Acrobat Sign Abused To Push Redline Info Stealing Malware
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/adobe-acrobat-sign-abused-to-push-redline-info-stealing-malware/

Conti Based Ransomware Meowcorp Gets Free Decryptor
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/conti-based-ransomware-meowcorp-gets-free-decryptor/

Latitude Cyberattack Leads To Data Theft At Two Service Providers
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/latitude-cyberattack-leads-to-data-theft-at-two-service-providers/

Convincing Twitter Quote Tweet Phone Scam Targets Bank Customers
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/convincing-twitter-quote-tweet-phone-scam-targets-bank-customers/

Microsoft Support Cracks Windows For Customer After Activation Fails
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/microsoft-support-cracks-windows-for-customer-after-activation-fails/

Winter Vivern Apt Hackers Use Fake Antivirus Scans To Install Malware
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/winter-vivern-apt-hackers-use-fake-antivirus-scans-to-install-malware/

Cisa Warns Of Adobe Coldfusion Bug Exploited As A Zero Day
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/cisa-warns-of-adobe-coldfusion-bug-exploited-as-a-zero-day/

Mozilla Firefox Gets Built In Firefox Relay Controls
https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/mozilla-firefox-gets-built-in-firefox-relay-controls/

Microsoft Outlook Vulnerability Could Be 2023's 'It' Bug
https://www.darkreading.com/application-security/microsoft-outlook-vulnerability-2023-it-bug

Low-Budget 'Winter Vivern' APT Awakens After 2-Year Hibernation
https://www.darkreading.com/threat-intelligence/low-budget-winter-vivern-apt-awakens-after-2-year-hibernation

Meta Proposes Revamped Approach to Online Kill Chain Frameworks
https://www.darkreading.com/application-security/meta-proposes-revamped-kill-chain-framework-online-threats

BianLian Ransomware Pivots From Encryption to Pure Data-Theft Extortion
https://www.darkreading.com/risk/bianlian-ransomware-pivots-encryption-pure-data-theft-extortion

Cyberattackers Continue Assault Against Fortinet Devices
https://www.darkreading.com/vulnerabilities-threats/cyberattackers-continue-assault-against-fortinet-devices

Analysts Spot a Wave of SVB-Related Cyber Fraud Striking the Business Sector
https://www.darkreading.com/threat-intelligence/analysts-wave-svb-cyber-fraud-striking-business-sector

GoatRAT Android Banking Trojan Targets Mobile Automated Payment System
https://www.darkreading.com/attacks-breaches/goatrat-android-trojan-targets-mobile-banking-automated-payment-system

SMBs Orgs Want Help, but Cybersecurity Expertise Is Scarce
https://www.darkreading.com/operations/midsize-orgs-want-help-cybersecurity-pros-scarce

Microsoft Zero-Day Bugs Allow Security Feature Bypass
https://www.darkreading.com/vulnerabilities-threats/microsoft-zero-day-bugs-security-feature-bypass

Access Control Gap in Microsoft Active Directory Widens Enterprise Attack Surface
https://www.darkreading.com/risk/access-control-gap-microsoft-active-directory-enterprise-attack-surface

Emotet, QSnatch Malware Dominate Malicious DNS Traffic
https://www.darkreading.com/threat-intelligence/dns-autobahn-malicious-network-traffic

SVB Meltdown: What It Means for Cybersecurity Startups' Access to Capital
https://www.darkreading.com/risk/svb-meltdown-cybersec-startups-access-capital

Brand Names in Finance, Telecom, Tech Lead Successful Phishing Lures
https://www.darkreading.com/threat-intelligence/brand-names-finance-telecom-tech-successful-phishing-lures

ChatGPT Browser Extension Hijacks Facebook Business Accounts
https://www.darkreading.com/application-security/chatgpt-browser-extension-hijacks-facebook-business-accounts

Pig Butchering &amp; Investment Scams: The $3B Cybercrime Threat Overtaking BEC
https://www.darkreading.com/application-security/pig-butchering-investment-scams-3b-cybercrime-threat-overtaking-bec

'Chinese Hackers Exploit Fortinet Zero-Day Flaw for Cyber Espionage Attack'
https://thehackernews.com/2023/03/chinese-hackers-exploit-fortinet-zero.html

'Pompompurin Unmasked: Infamous BreachForums Mastermind Arrested in New York'
https://thehackernews.com/2023/03/pompompurin-unmasked-infamous.html

'THN Webinar: 3 Research-Backed Ways to Secure Your Identity Perimeter'
https://thehackernews.com/2023/03/thn-webinar-3-research-backed-ways-to.html

"LockBit 3.0 Ransomware: Inside the Cyberthreat That's Costing Millions"
https://thehackernews.com/2023/03/lockbit-30-ransomware-inside.html

'FakeCalls Vishing Malware Targets South Korean Users via Popular Financial Apps'
https://thehackernews.com/2023/03/fakecalls-vishing-malware-targets-south.html

'New GoLang-Based HinataBot Exploiting Router and Server Flaws for DDoS Attacks'
https://thehackernews.com/2023/03/new-golang-based-hinatabot-exploiting.html

'A New Security Category Addresses Web-borne Threats'
https://thehackernews.com/2023/03/a-new-security-category-addresses-web.html

'Lookalike Telegram and WhatsApp Websites Distributing Cryptocurrency Stealing Malware'
https://thehackernews.com/2023/03/lookalike-telegram-and-whatsapp.html

'Winter Vivern APT Group Targeting Indian, Lithuanian, Slovakian, and Vatican Officials'
https://thehackernews.com/2023/03/winter-vivern-apt-group-targeting.html

Microsoft Warns of Large-Scale Use of Phishing Kits to Send Millions of Emails Daily
https://thehackernews.com/2023/03/microsoft-warns-of-large-scale-use-of.html

Microsoft Rolls Out Patches for 80 New Security Flaws â€” Two Under Active Attack
https://thehackernews.com/2023/03/microsoft-rolls-out-patches-for-80-new.html

Fake ChatGPT Chrome Extension Hijacking Facebook Accounts for Malicious Advertising
https://thehackernews.com/2023/03/fake-chatgpt-chrome-extension-hijacking.html

Google Uncovers 18 Severe Security Vulnerabilities in Samsung Exynos Chips
https://thehackernews.com/2023/03/google-uncovers-18-severe-security.html

Warning: AI-generated YouTube Video Tutorials Spreading Infostealer Malware
https://thehackernews.com/2023/03/warning-ai-generated-youtube-video.html

Fortinet FortiOS Flaw Exploited in Targeted Cyberattacks on Government Entities
https://thehackernews.com/2023/03/fortinet-fortios-flaw-exploited-in.html

Breach Forums Owner Pompompurin Arrested New York
https://www.hackread.com/breach-forums-owner-pompompurin-arrested-new-york/

Latest Cyber Crime
https://www.hackread.com/latest-cyber-crime/

New Vishing Attack Spreading Fakecalls Android Malware
https://www.hackread.com/new-vishing-attack-spreading-fakecalls-android-malware/

Fortinet 0 Day Vulnerability Chinese Actors
https://www.hackread.com/fortinet-0-day-vulnerability-chinese-actors/

Telegram Whatsapp Crypto Android Windows
https://www.hackread.com/telegram-whatsapp-crypto-android-windows/

Managing Risk In Crypto Trading Techniques
https://www.hackread.com/managing-risk-in-crypto-trading-techniques/

Apt Telerik Vulnerability Iis Server Cisa
https://www.hackread.com/apt-telerik-vulnerability-iis-server-cisa/

Us Marshals Service Data Russian Hacker Forum
https://www.hackread.com/us-marshals-service-data-russian-hacker-forum/

Crypto Exchange Fiatusdt Leaked Kyc Data
https://www.hackread.com/crypto-exchange-fiatusdt-leaked-kyc-data/

Telegram Whatsapp Trojanized
https://www.infosecurity-magazine.com/news/telegram-whatsapp-trojanized/

Google Finds 18 Zero Days Samsung
https://www.infosecurity-magazine.com/news/google-finds-18-zero-days-samsung/

Russia Winter Vivern Apt Targets
https://www.infosecurity-magazine.com/news/russia-winter-vivern-apt-targets/

Ico Reprimands Metropolitan Police
https://www.infosecurity-magazine.com/news/ico-reprimands-metropolitan-police/

'Russian Military Preparing New Destructive Attacks: Microsoft'
https://www.infosecurity-magazine.com/news/russian-military-preparing/

'Vishing Campaign Targets Social Security Administration'
https://www.infosecurity-magazine.com/news/vishing-campaign-social-security/

'US Government IIS Server Breached via Telerik Software Flaw'
https://www.infosecurity-magazine.com/news/us-server-breached-via-telerik/

'ChipMixer Crypto Laundromat Shut Down By German, US Authorities'
https://www.infosecurity-magazine.com/news/chipmixer-crypto-laundromat-shut/

'UK Joins US, Canada, Others in Banning TikTok From Government Devices'
https://www.infosecurity-magazine.com/news/uk-ban-tiktok-government-devices/

'NCSC Calms Fears Over ChatGPT Threat'
https://www.infosecurity-magazine.com/news/ncsc-calms-fears-chatgpt/

'BEC Volumes Double on Phishing Surge '
https://www.infosecurity-magazine.com/news/bec-volumes-double-on-phishing/

'Chinese SilkLoader Malware Sold to Russian Cyber-Criminals'
https://www.infosecurity-magazine.com/news/chinese-silkloader-sold-russian/

'Most Computer Code Compilers Vulnerable to Novel Attacks'
https://www.infosecurity-magazine.com/news/computer-code-compilers-attacks/

'MI5 Launches New Agency to Tackle State-Backed Attacks'
https://www.infosecurity-magazine.com/news/mi5-new-agency-tackle-statebacked/

'UK Crypto Firm Loses $200m in Cyber-Attack'
https://www.infosecurity-magazine.com/news/uk-crypto-firm-loses-200m/

'White House Allocates $3.1bn to Cybersecurity in New Budget'
https://www.infosecurity-magazine.com/news/white-house-allocates-dollar31bn/

'CISA Creates New Ransomware Vulnerability Warning Program'
https://www.infosecurity-magazine.com/news/cisa-creates-ransomware-warning/

'TikTok Initiates Project Clover Amid European Data Security Concerns '
https://www.infosecurity-magazine.com/news/tiktok-initiates-project-clover/

Anatomie Eines Privilege Escalation Angriffs A 9B5442De583C30Abfe5C5C7Bcb3Ac6Ef
https://www.security-insider.de/anatomie-eines-privilege-escalation-angriffs-a-9b5442de583c30abfe5c5c7bcb3ac6ef/

Herausforderung Medizinisches Xiot A 8B0674Fb2Bbab420Ce94402Bb1727Fd4
https://www.security-insider.de/herausforderung-medizinisches-xiot-a-8b0674fb2bbab420ce94402bb1727fd4/

Der Cyber Resilience Act Bringt Endlich Security By Design A Ca202E0984A0Fd7Ac647Cbda5667E961
https://www.security-insider.de/der-cyber-resilience-act-bringt-endlich-security-by-design-a-ca202e0984a0fd7ac647cbda5667e961/

Chatgpt Held Oder Boesewicht A 7De6Aa17988C940B3Fb42584974A6F65
https://www.security-insider.de/chatgpt-held-oder-boesewicht-a-7de6aa17988c940b3fb42584974a6f65/

Was Sind Microservices A 95D43053Cc558779Cc6F563C46Fd7744
https://www.security-insider.de/was-sind-microservices-a-95d43053cc558779cc6f563c46fd7744/

Updates Fuer Oeffentlich Bekannte Luecken Und Exploits A 5Fcee7Becb01Fe447F60220Ce5Ba4396
https://www.security-insider.de/updates-fuer-oeffentlich-bekannte-luecken-und-exploits-a-5fcee7becb01fe447f60220ce5ba4396/

Sicherheitsrelevante Daten Seetauglich Machen A B390Be9F165C4A6215C34E722Cfcbf04
https://www.security-insider.de/sicherheitsrelevante-daten-seetauglich-machen-a-b390be9f165c4a6215c34e722cfcbf04/

Wie Sicher Ist Multi Faktor Authentifizierung Wirklich A 4F9Ea0B2A4217B49Cffdbb5Cef91F798
https://www.security-insider.de/wie-sicher-ist-multi-faktor-authentifizierung-wirklich-a-4f9ea0b2a4217b49cffdbb5cef91f798/

Mehr Sicherheit Fuer Die Powershell A F0F3870A10430F96Be070F6031268E9B
https://www.security-insider.de/mehr-sicherheit-fuer-die-powershell-a-f0f3870a10430f96be070f6031268e9b/

It Sicherheit Bloss Nicht In Fremde Haende Geben Gal 4288026Ff44760C4D8A3B37282Ac759F
https://www.security-insider.de/it-sicherheit-bloss-nicht-in-fremde-haende-geben-gal-4288026ff44760c4d8a3b37282ac759f/

Mehr Sicherheit Fuer Die Powershell Gal F0F3870A10430F96Be070F6031268E9B
https://www.security-insider.de/mehr-sicherheit-fuer-die-powershell-gal-f0f3870a10430f96be070f6031268e9b/

Arcitecta Will Ransomware Ins Leere Laufen Lassen Gal C70F568A3305134727C6A1Faa2F43Cf6
https://www.security-insider.de/arcitecta-will-ransomware-ins-leere-laufen-lassen-gal-c70f568a3305134727c6a1faa2f43cf6/

Ungefilterte Datenflut Beeintraechtigt Die Netzwerksicherheit Gal 8E734E1F42B9Cd8A3Ca3Afa8Cdc382B5
https://www.security-insider.de/ungefilterte-datenflut-beeintraechtigt-die-netzwerksicherheit-gal-8e734e1f42b9cd8a3ca3afa8cdc382b5/

Physische Sicherheit In Datencentern Analog Und Digital Hand In Hand A Fb9A6F90Cb9E245C95D5252051E25587
https://www.security-insider.de/physische-sicherheit-in-datencentern-analog-und-digital-hand-in-hand-a-fb9a6f90cb9e245c95d5252051e25587/

Mit Zero Trust Zum Sicheren Remote Arbeiten A 07E7419Ed617595F71Fbea78556275Fa
https://www.security-insider.de/mit-zero-trust-zum-sicheren-remote-arbeiten-a-07e7419ed617595f71fbea78556275fa/

5 Best Practices Zur Absicherung Der Software Supply Chain A 436729Fdec3010C1836Ac6618A66C162
https://www.security-insider.de/5-best-practices-zur-absicherung-der-software-supply-chain-a-436729fdec3010c1836ac6618a66c162/

Unternehmen Scheitern Oft An Den Eigenen Security Anforderungen A B2Dc41Bd30548Af3F6A46Dd9Db7Bf3C5
https://www.security-insider.de/unternehmen-scheitern-oft-an-den-eigenen-security-anforderungen-a-b2dc41bd30548af3f6a46dd9db7bf3c5/

So Lassen Sie Sich Von Hacker Angriffen Nicht Unvorbereitet Ueberraschen A 8437413E81E7C0Eb2Af463618Dcafc95
https://www.security-insider.de/so-lassen-sie-sich-von-hacker-angriffen-nicht-unvorbereitet-ueberraschen-a-8437413e81e7c0eb2af463618dcafc95/

'Exynos-Chips mit teils kritischen Zero-Day-LÃ¼cken'
https://www.heise.de//news/Nicht-nur-Samsung-Smartphones-Exynos-Chips-mit-teils-kritischen-Zero-Day-Luecken-7548678.html

'Der heise Security Crashkurs zum Schutz vor Ransomware'
https://www.heise.de//news/Der-heise-Security-Crashkurs-zum-Schutz-vor-Ransomware-7545254.html

News/Kritisches Leck In Ssl Vpn Gateway Von Array Networks 7548009
https://www.heise.de//news/Kritisches-Leck-in-SSL-VPN-Gateway-von-Array-Networks-7548009.html

News/Webkonferenzen Hochriskante Luecken In Zoom 7547291
https://www.heise.de//news/Webkonferenzen-Hochriskante-Luecken-in-Zoom-7547291.html

News/Patchday Adobe Schliesst Zero Day Luecke Und Mehr Als 100 Schwachstellen 7546150
https://www.heise.de//news/Patchday-Adobe-schliesst-Zero-Day-Luecke-und-mehr-als-100-Schwachstellen-7546150.html

News/Patchday Microsoft Dichtet Aktiv Angegriffene Sicherheitsluecken Ab 7545903
https://www.heise.de//news/Patchday-Microsoft-dichtet-aktiv-angegriffene-Sicherheitsluecken-ab-7545903.html

News/Bka Und Zitis Suchen Zero Day Exploits Bundesregierung Weiss Nichts Davon 7550346
https://www.heise.de//news/BKA-und-Zitis-suchen-Zero-Day-Exploits-Bundesregierung-weiss-nichts-davon-7550346.html

News/Konfigurationsfehler Fuehrt Zu Datenleck Bei Mastodon 7550217
https://www.heise.de//news/Konfigurationsfehler-fuehrt-zu-Datenleck-bei-Mastodon-7550217.html

News/Security Neues Cli Tool Soll Npm Install Vor Malware Schuetzen 7549005
https://www.heise.de//news/Security-Neues-CLI-Tool-soll-npm-install-vor-Malware-schuetzen-7549005.html

News/Bitlocker Luecke Microsoft Liefert Skript Zum Patchen Von Winre Partition 7548899
https://www.heise.de//news/Bitlocker-Luecke-Microsoft-liefert-Skript-zum-Patchen-von-WinRE-Partition-7548899.html

News/Ix Workshop Angriffsziel Lokales Active Directory Effiziente Absicherung 7548102
https://www.heise.de//news/iX-Workshop-Angriffsziel-lokales-Active-Directory-effiziente-Absicherung-7548102.html

News/Dell Deutet Neue Security Plattform An Erstmal Gibt Es Aber Vier Neue Tools 7548174
https://www.heise.de//news/Dell-deutet-neue-Security-Plattform-an-erstmal-gibt-es-aber-vier-neue-Tools-7548174.html

News/Ransomware Us Sicherheitsbehoerde Cisa Scannt Kritis Auf Schwachstellen 7547847
https://www.heise.de//news/Ransomware-US-Sicherheitsbehoerde-CISA-scannt-KRITIS-auf-Schwachstellen-7547847.html

News/Betrueger Missbrauchen Zusammenbruch Der Svb Fuer Geld Und Datenklau 7546557
https://www.heise.de//news/Betrueger-missbrauchen-Zusammenbruch-der-SVB-fuer-Geld-und-Datenklau-7546557.html

News/Kryptowaehrungen Polizei Schaltet Geldwaeschedienst Chipmixer Ab 7547142
https://www.heise.de//news/Kryptowaehrungen-Polizei-schaltet-Geldwaeschedienst-Chipmixer-ab-7547142.html

News/Ebay Kleinanzeigen Mehr Phishing Schutz Durch Warnhinweise 7546638
https://www.heise.de//news/eBay-Kleinanzeigen-Mehr-Phishing-Schutz-durch-Warnhinweise-7546638.html

News/Ix Workshop Effiziente It Sicherheit Fuer Kleine Und Mittlere Unternehmen 7543797
https://www.heise.de//news/iX-Workshop-Effiziente-IT-Sicherheit-fuer-kleine-und-mittlere-Unternehmen-7543797.html

News/Bsi Fordert Bessere It Sicherheit Fuer Verbraucher 7545818
https://www.heise.de//news/BSI-fordert-bessere-IT-Sicherheit-fuer-Verbraucher-7545818.html

News/Spacex Lockbit Cybergang Will Tausende Bauplaene Veroeffentlichen 7545456
https://www.heise.de//news/SpaceX-Lockbit-Cybergang-will-tausende-Bauplaene-veroeffentlichen-7545456.html

News/Webbrowser Firefox 111 Dichtet 13 Sicherheitsluecken Ab 7545380
https://www.heise.de//news/Webbrowser-Firefox-111-dichtet-13-Sicherheitsluecken-ab-7545380.html

News/Zwei Faktor Authentifizierung Online Thementag Der Heise Devsec Im Mai 2023 7544836
https://www.heise.de//news/Zwei-Faktor-Authentifizierung-Online-Thementag-der-heise-devSec-im-Mai-2023-7544836.html

News/Patchday Sap Schliesst 19 Teils Kritische Sicherheitsluecken 7544782
https://www.heise.de//news/Patchday-SAP-schliesst-19-teils-kritische-Sicherheitsluecken-7544782.html

